Emlid M2 GPS supports PPK (#2742)
PX4/PX4-user_guide: en/gps_compass/README.md

[CubePilot Here3 CAN GNSS GPS (M8N)](https://www.cubepilot.org/#/here/here3) | M8P | ICM20948 | &check; | | |
[Drotek DP0804](https://store-drotek.com/920-DP0804.html) (and other [Drotek u-blox GPS/Compasses](https://store-drotek.com/index.php?controller=search&s=ublox+compass)) | M9N | LIS3MDL | | | |
[Drotek SIRIUS RTK GNSS ROVER (F9P)](https://store-drotek.com/911-sirius-rtk-gnss-rover-f9p.html) | F9P | RM3100 | &check; | | &check; |

> [Emlid Reach M+](https://emlid.com/reach/)  - PX4 only supports "ordinary" GPS with this module. RTK support is expected in the near future. | &check; | &cross; | | | |&check;

Reviewer: Hi @moreba1 

Thanks 
- this appears to be called M2 now - is that correct?
- Is the stuff about RTK not being supported in PX4 still correct?

```suggestion
[Emlid Reach M2](https://emlid.com/reach/)  - PX4 supports "ordinary" GPS and PPK with this module. RTK support is expected in the near future. | &check; | &cross; | | | |&check;
```

Author: > Hi @moreba1
> 
> Thanks
> 
> * this appears to be called M2 now - is that correct?
> * Is the stuff about RTK not being supported in PX4 still correct?

Reach M+ and M2 both support PPK . I don't know about providing RTK Support for Reach M+ Currently.

Reviewer: Thanks very much!
